Generate docs (#2356)
kyma-project/cli: docs/user/gen-docs/01-20-kyma_alpha.md

# kyma alpha

> Groups command prototypes the API for which may still change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groups command prototypes for which the API may still change.
```

## Synopsis

> A set of alpha prototypes that may still change. Use in automations on your own risk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of alpha prototypes that may still change. Use them in automation at your own risk.
```

## Flags

```bash
      --kubeconfig string       Path to the Kyma kubeconfig file
      --show-extensions-error   Print possible error when fetching extensions failed
```

## Flags inherited from parent commands

```bash
  -h, --help   Help for the command
```

## See also

* [kyma](kyma.md)                                                   - Simple set of commands to manage a Kyma cluster

> * [kyma alpha access](kyma_alpha_access.md)                         - Produce a kubeconfig with Service Account based token and certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha access](kyma_alpha_access.md)                         - Produces a kubeconfig with Service Account-based token and certificate
```

> * [kyma alpha app](kyma_alpha_app.md)                               - Manage applications on Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha app](kyma_alpha_app.md)                               - Manages applications on Kubernetes cluster
```

> * [kyma alpha hana](kyma_alpha_hana.md)                             - Manage a Hana instance on the Kyma platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha hana](kyma_alpha_hana.md)                             - Manages an SAP HANA instance on SAP BTP.
```

> * [kyma alpha module](kyma_alpha_module.md)                         - Manage kyma modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha module](kyma_alpha_module.md)                         - Manages kyma modules
```

> * [kyma alpha oidc](kyma_alpha_oidc.md)                             - Create kubeconfig with an OIDC token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha oidc](kyma_alpha_oidc.md)                             - Creates kubeconfig with an OIDC token
```

> * [kyma alpha provision](kyma_alpha_provision.md)                   - Provisions a Kyma cluster on the BTP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha provision](kyma_alpha_provision.md)                   - Provisions a Kyma cluster on SAP BTP
```

> * [kyma alpha reference-instance](kyma_alpha_reference-instance.md) - Add an instance reference to a shared service instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [kyma alpha reference-instance](kyma_alpha_reference-instance.md) - Adds an instance reference to a shared service instance
```
